.TH ELEMINES 1 "12 Jan 2014" "elemines 0.3"

.SH NAME
elemines \- a minesweeper clone based on the EFL

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B elemines
[-d] [-f] [-t=THEME] [-m=MINES] [-L] [-C] [-V] [-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION

Elemines is a single-player video game. The object of the game is to clear
an abstract minefield without detonating a mine. The game is played by revealing
squares of the grid, by clicking them with a mouse. If a square containing a mine
is revealed, you lose the game. Otherwise, a digit is revealed in the square,
indicating the number of adjacent squares that contain mines.

With no option, the program starts with a 10x10 grid and 12 mines to find.


.SH CONTROLS

.TP
.B Left Mouse Button
Reveal a square.

.TP
.B Right Mouse Button
Add (or remove) a flag.

.TP
.B Middle Mouse Button
Clear around a revealed square once the correct number of mines have been flagged around it.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B -d, --debug
Turn on debugging.

.TP
.B -f, --fullscreen
Run fullscreen. This is useful on mobile devices.

.TP
.B -t=THEME, --theme=THEME
Use THEME.edj as theme file. Theme files should be in the $(pkgdatadir)/themes/ folder.
Elemines provides `default' and `default-big'.

.TP
.B -m=MINES, --mines=MINES
Specify the number of mines hidden in the field. MINES must be an integer smaller
than the number of cells (100 for `default').

.TP
.B -L, --license
Show license.

.TP
.B -C, --copyright
Show copyright.

.TP
.B -V, --version
Show program version.

.TP
.B -h, --help
Print list of options with short description.


.SH BUGS

Reports are welcome.


.SH HOMEPAGE

http://elemines.sourceforge.net 


.SH AUTHORS

Jerome Pinot <ngc891@gmail.com> and various contributors.
